that's why the guide training course is
so intensive Paul and for I stint with
Troy is coming to an end they're packing
up to return to rue kimochi the safari
camp where they are based they'll be
using their newfound skills to guide
real tourists but only in vehicles at
this stage they're not yet ready for the
ultimate responsibility guiding visitors
on foot to see the big 5 the standards
are extremely high and there are no
shortcuts with people like Troy
examining potential new guides only the
very best will qualify off alone lion
elephant and rhino we've seen four of
the big five here's the last
it's a final chance for Troy to pass his
knowledge and expertise on to Paul and
for I yeah she comes with it she's
totally relaxed look at this absolutely
beautiful I mean she's worried about us
for all right she just wants to move it
yeah fun time at that time just look how
that camouflage Rick's she's any 78
yards way this she goes Paul and four
eyes training still has some way to go
but if all goes well they hope to take
their Zimbabwe safari guides license
after one more year who knows if you go
on safari in Zimbabwe it could be your
life in their hand
he's gonna flip his using a kickstand
keep it on
you get any cheaper